# Calibr25
Stability of relaxed calibration (survey methods)

Instructions for working with the software used in the article

Stability of relaxed calibration 

The article and its Supplementary materials are in
http://arxiv.org/abs/2602.24234

Files Empir.an0, FigSM.an0 and Simul.an0 contain functions
and the setting of the directory for figures.  The expression

C25dir <- "~/papers/SubmToAppear/Calibr25/Figures/"

in FigSM.an0  has to be altered to suit _your_ arrangements.

Then execute  Empir.an1,

which generates the population (list C25popR) and the sample (C25samR)
used in the following files.

Other populations and samples are named  C25popR2, ...,
and samples are named  C25samR2, ...

Empir.an2  re-runs  the sensitivity analysis and concludes by drawing
the functions for finding $\lambda_2$.

The other Empir.an?  files should be run, at least in the first
instance, in the alpha-numerical order.
The files Empir.an1? are independent of Empir.an?, and should also
be run in alphabetical order.

The comments at the top of each Empir.an* file indicate the purpose
of the code, and this can be confirmed as the output objects (usually)
lists are used in FigSM.an? for graphics.

Files FigSM.an? are for graphics, generating *.eps files and depositing
them in the directory  C25dir .  Key for this is the function
C25eps  declared in  FigSM.an0.  The files generated by FigSM.an?
are in the same order as the Figures in Supplementary Materials
(see http://arxiv.org/abs/2602.24234).

Files Simul.an1-5 and anA-F conduct simulations of sampling,
calibration and sensitivity analysis (re-calibration).
Files Simul.an1-5 are for single replications; Simul.anA-F
are for multiple (100) replications and graphics described
in Section 4 of the manuscript and Supplementary Materials,
Section D.


